Be The Witness
THE MUSICAL 
THAT WILL TURN YOUR LIFE AROUND

V.• >

?	•
•
e·
•.
e




































0



	•	..
•


The Witness Experience
A unique opportunity to create and sustain a Christian
faith-fuelled movement, uplifting the community in Western Sydney, sharing The Gospel of Christ
through music and storytelling.



Together we Pray


Heavenly Father,

You sent Your only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, to live among us, and to bring salvation to the world by His Death and Resurrection.

You sent Your Holy Spirit on the Church to begin the teaching of the Gospel. May the Spirit continue to work in the world through the hearts of all who believe.

Thank you for calling us to know You, to love You and to serve You, and to be Your Witness.

Keep our hearts humble, and may our work in this mission be our prayer to You, our service to the community and our gratitude for the gifts and talents that You have given us.

Help us put aside anything that is not of You and give us whatever You will to make us like You.

We ask this through Christ our Lord, Amen



Welcome
Fr Wim Hoekstra

Parish Priest Mary Queen of the Family Parish

In one of his first masses, the newly elected Pope Leo XIV drew attention to his role as the Successor of Peter, drawing on the rich treasures of the scriptures and tradition to highlight the role of Peter, especially in the Gospel of Matthew.

Pope Leo began with the famous words of Peter, “You are the Christ, the Son of the living God” (Mt 16:16). With these words, Peter – questioned by the Master, together with the other disciples, about his faith in Him – summarizes the patrimony that the Church has guarded, deepened, and transmitted for two thousand years through apostolic succession,
i.e. Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the living God; the only Saviour and the one who reveals the face of the Father.

Pope Leo continues, “In his response, Peter grasps both of these things: the gift of God and the path to be followed in order to be transformed by it.”
 He emphasised the importance of bearing witness, as Peter and the apostles did, to our joyful faith in Christ our Saviour, calling Christians to offer their witness in a world that often finds faith “absurd” and to be “mocked, opposed, despised or at least best tolerated or pitied.”
In the production of the musical “The Witness”, the Community of Mary Queen of the Family Parish Blacktown, proclaims the Good News and the Gospel of Jesus in a rather nontraditional way – not through preaching or teaching, but through words and song.
“The Witness” not only tells the story of the life of Jesus but does so through the eyes of Peter the apostle and takes us through the highs and lows of this remarkable event in human history.
It is a visual and sensory experience through which the Gospel, the Good News that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the Living God, is proclaimed.
Our parish community hopes that this experience will help all to a deeper understanding of their faith in Jesus Christ and a commitment to a personal encounter with him, an encounter such as Peter and the disciples which they would proclaim to the ends of the earth.

































.. '
\
<'
 
...

.-:·;,::	\
..
..
\
\
••
••
\
\
1

_...


The Witness
Origins

The Witness is a globally staged musical, cherished for its timeless message of redemption, discipleship, and transformation.

At the centre of the story is Peter, portrayed with depth and humanity. His journey of doubt, denial, and eventual devotion gives the audience a moving lens through which to experience the life and ministry of Jesus.

The Witness was written by Jimmy and Carol Owens. Jimmy and Carol are pioneers of Contemporary Christian Music. Their musical praise and prayer presentations 'Come Together', 'If My People' and 'Heal Our Land' have impacted nations. Dramatic musicals — 'Show Me!', 'The Glory of Christmas' and 'The Witness' — have brought thousands to Christ.

The music in The Witness was designed as a tool in presenting the gospel. Many who will not come to hear it preached will come to hear it sung, a fact well
recognized by those experienced in ministering through music.

The Witness
The Production Team
	•	On Stage - Cast, Chorus, Dancers, Musicians
	•	Backstage - Run Crew, Props, Wardrobe
	•	House Crew - Stage, Sound, Lighting
	•	Pre-Production - Sets, Costumes, Choreography

The Administration Team
	•	Prayer and Governance
	•	Safety
	•	Finance
	•	Fundraising
	•	Event Management, Logistics and Catering
	•	Communication, Media Content Creation, Digital
	•	Ticket Sales and Marketing



He began to teach all of us what it takes to be a great man in the kingdom of God. He said, “Among the heathen, the kings are tyrants and each minor official lords it over those beneath him.

But among you it is quite different. Anyone wanting to be a leader among you must be your servant. And if you want to be right at the top, you must serve like a slave.

Your attitude must be like My own, for I, the Messiah, did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give My life as a ransom for many.”




Lord, make me like You, Please make me like You,
You are a servant, make me one too.
Oh Lord, I am willing, Do what You must do
To make me like You, Lord, Just make me like You.

Make Me Like You

My Team
























He Came in Love
Pure and holy Son of God, taking on the form of man; Left the glory of His throne, came to bring salvation’s plan.
Righteous Father, Holy One, looking down on us in love; Gave to us His only Son, sent with blessings from above.


But we took Him and we nailed Him to a cross made of wood, And we raised it high and dropped it in the ground where it stood;
And the blood that flowed to the earth below Bought forgiveness for the world that had treated Him so.


“Peace on earth, Good will to men,” at His birth the angels sang, Love and mercy from the throne through the earth His message rang.


He came in love to bring us light in our darkness, He came in peace to bring release from our pain; He came with joy to bring us rest in our weariness,
He came in love to bring us beauty again.


The Victor
It is finished! He has done it!
Life conquered death, Jesus Christ has won it!

He was alive! We had Him back with us!
We were beside ourselves with joy!
This was going to change the whole world! …except that it seemed He wasn’t planning on staying.
He was going to leave and transfer all the power, and all the responsibility for preaching His gospel to us. The Shepherd was leaving, and He left the flock in our care.

If you’d failed Him the way I had, how would you have felt when He said,“Peter, do you love Me?
If you love Me, feed My sheep.”

Upcoming Dates






















Come to the Life Giver!
Who is this who has life to give? Who is this who tells the dead to live?
Not an ordinary man but one who dares to say That He is the Resurrection and the Life And then offers it to you and me.
Come to the Life Giver! And let Him pour His life on you!

Thoughts























You are the Christ

Who am I? What are they saying? Do they know the truth or are they blind?
Who am I? What do you call Me?
Tell Me, what is My name? You are the Christ,
The Son of the Living God! I say You are the Christ, The Son of the Living God! You are the Christ!
You are the Lord!

Notes






















Notes

























So if You find it in Your heart to let me start again, I’ll be Your witness Lord, Your witness Lord,

Your witness to the end of my life.
Let me make it right, let me try again,


I’ll be Your witness to the end.


Listen to me! This is for you!
I’ve come to tell you a story that’s true; A story ‘bout a special Man that I knew The Son of God has come!
The Son of God has come

And I’m a witness!
I’m a witness!
